Clarifying the OIDC provider docs (#2123)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.13/installation/auth.md

## OIDC authentication

> The Sensu offers license-activated support for OIDC provider for using the OpenID Connect 1.0 protocol (OIDC) on top of the OAuth 2.0 protocol for RBAC authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensu offers [commercial support][6] for the OIDC provider for using the OpenID Connect 1.0 protocol (OIDC) on top of the OAuth 2.0 protocol for RBAC authentication.
```

> Sensu offers license-activated support for the OIDC provider for using the OpenID Connect 1.0 protocol (OIDC) on top of the OAuth 2.0 protocol for RBAC authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensu offers [commercial support][6] for the OIDC provider for using the OpenID Connect 1.0 protocol (OIDC) on top of the OAuth 2.0 protocol for RBAC authentication.
```
